# Qualcomm Technology License Agreement — signed (31 Jul)

Source type: PDF · 35 pages · data-room extract (scrubbed; the joint-venture counterparty is referred to only as 'VVIP Sovereign JV').

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 1 TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN QUALCOMM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND AIREV HOLDING LIMITED This Technology License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of June 1, 2026 (the “Effective Date”) by and between:

made and entered into as of June 1, 2026 (the “Effective Date”) by and between: (1) QUALCOMM TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation, with its principal offices located at 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, CA 92121-1714, USA (“QTI”); and (2) AIREV HOLDING LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of United Arab Emirates, with offices located at Office 2458, Level 24, Al Sila Tower, ADGM Square, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (“LICENSOR”). QTI and LICENSOR are occasionally referred to herein individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”.

referred to herein individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”. WHEREAS, LICENSOR has developed certain security software defined as the Technology Package(s) below; and as more particularly described on the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)) attached hereto. WHEREAS, LICENSOR is willing to license the Technology Package(s) to QTI pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Package(s) to QTI pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations and promises contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS In addition to other terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms, when the first letter is capitalized, shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1 (Definitions). These terms shall apply both to their singular or plural forms, as the context may require.

shall apply both to their singular or plural forms, as the context may require. As used herein, “hereunder,” “herein” and similar expressions refer to this Agreement, and “including” means “including without limitation.” 1.1. “Acceptance Criteria” means the acceptance criteria as set forth in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)). 1.2. “Affiliate” means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with such entity.

controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with such entity. As used herein, “control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. A person or entity shall only be considered an Affiliate under this Agreement, so long as such “control” exists. For the avoidance of doubt, Qualcomm Incorporated shall be considered an Affiliate of QTI for purposes of this Agreement. 1.3.

shall be considered an Affiliate of QTI for purposes of this Agreement. 1.3. Reserved. 1.4. “Associated Fees” means any applicable fees for a Technology Package and related services as set forth in the applicable Appendix B (Associated Fees). 1.5. “Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the U.S. or the U.A.E. are authorized or required to close. 1.6. “Change of Control” is defined as meaning (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 2 assets of a Party by another entity or (b) the acquisition of a Party by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of stock for capital raising purposes) that results in the voting securities of such Party outstanding immediately prior thereto failing to represent immediately after such transaction or series of transactions (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or the entity that controls such surviving entity) a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of such Party, such surviving entity or the entity that controls such surviving entity.

Party, such surviving entity or the entity that controls such surviving entity. 1.7. “Claim” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.1 (LICENSOR Indemnification) of this Agreement. 1.8. “Correction Period” has the meaning given to it in Section 3.3 (Process for Rejection) of this Agreement. 1.9. “Damages” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.1 (LICENSOR Indemnification) of this Agreement. 1.10.

given to it in Section 11.1 (LICENSOR Indemnification) of this Agreement. 1.10. “Defect” means a problem with the Technology Package, or any component thereof, that prevents (a) the Technology Package from functioning in accordance with the Specifications and/or (b) a QTI Product that incorporates the Technology Package from functioning in accordance with the specifications as related to such QTI Product. 1.11.

in accordance with the specifications as related to such QTI Product. 1.11. “Design Data” means all data, specifications, files, code, software, designs, tools, protocols, methods, documentation, manufacturing and production or other processes, technology, procedures, drawings, and all other LICENSOR INFORMATION and materials necessary to Use and/or support the Technology Package(s). 1.12. “Dispute” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.9.2 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement. 1.13. “Drivers” has the meaning given to it in Section 9.3 (Drivers) of this Agreement. 1.14.

has the meaning given to it in Section 9.3 (Drivers) of this Agreement. 1.14. “EAR” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.5 (Export Compliance Assurance) of this Agreement. 1.15. “Excluded License” means any license, which requires as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution of the Technology Package(s), that the Technology Package(s) or a QTI Product combined and/or distributed with the Technology Package(s) be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (b) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works or (c) redistributable at no charge. 1.16.

purpose of making derivative works or (c) redistributable at no charge. 1.16. “Export” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.5 (Export Compliance Assurance) of this Agreement. 1.17. “Feedback” has the meaning given to it in Section 9.4 (Feedback) of this Agreement. 1.18. “ICC Rules” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.9.2 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement. 1.19. “IML” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.5 (Export Compliance Assurance) of this Agreement. 1.20. “Indemnification Notice” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.2 (Procedure) of this Agreement. 1.21.

the meaning given to it in Section 11.2 (Procedure) of this Agreement. 1.21. “Indemnified Parties” means collectively (a) QTI and its Affiliates, (b) the successors and assigns (present or future) of QTI and/or its Affiliates, (c) the directors, officers, Affiliates, agents, representatives, sublicensees and employees of QTI and its Affiliate, along with

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 3 each of their successors and assigns (present and future), and (d) QTI Customers (present and/or future). 1.22. “Indemnifying Parties” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.1 (LICENSOR Indemnification) of this Agreement. 1.23. “INFORMATION” has the meaning given to it in Section 9.1 (Confidentiality) of this Agreement. 1.24.

meaning given to it in Section 9.1 (Confidentiality) of this Agreement. 1.24. “Intellectual Property Rights” or “IPR” means all patents and all substitutions, reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reexaminations and extensions thereof, and supplemental protections certificates relating thereto, any confirmation patents or registration patents or patents of addition based on any such patents, and all counterparts thereof or substantial equivalents in any country, including all utility and industrial designs, and any applications or provisionals for any of the foregoing (collectively referred to herein as “Patents”), utility models, copyrights, trade secrets, mask work rights, and any other form of intellectual property right protection, excluding trademarks and service marks, afforded under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction or bi-lateral or multi-lateral international treaty regime.

other jurisdiction or bi-lateral or multi-lateral international treaty regime. 1.25. “ITAR” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.5 (Export Compliance Assurance) of this Agreement. 1.26. “Licensed Software” means the software code in Object Code and/or Source Code as more particularly described on the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)), including the reference porting layer, if any, that adapts the Licensed Software to the QTI Product(s), any associated algorithms and any Updates and Upgrades thereof, and related documentation, including all copies thereof. 1.27.

thereof, and related documentation, including all copies thereof. 1.27. “LICENSOR Marks” has the meaning given to it in Section 2.4 (Use of LICENSOR Marks) of this Agreement. 1.28. “Modification(s)” means any modification(s), improvement(s), bug-fixes, enhancement(s) or derivative(s) of a Technology Package. 1.29. “NDA” means that Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement with the effective date of XXXX XX, 2026, as amended, by and between QUALCOMM Incorporated and LICENSOR. 1.30.

XX, 2026, as amended, by and between QUALCOMM Incorporated and LICENSOR. 1.30. “Object Code” means software in machine-readable and executable form, resulting from compilation or assembly of Source Code, which is readable by machines but is not generally readable by humans without reverse assembly, reverse compiling or reverse engineering. 1.31. “One-Time License Fee” has the meaning given to it in Appendix B (Associated Fees) of this Agreement. 1.32. “Open Source Review” has the meaning given to it in Section 2.8 (Open Source Review) of this Agreement. 1.33.

given to it in Section 2.8 (Open Source Review) of this Agreement. 1.33. “Permitted Purpose” has the meaning given to it in Section 6.2 (Restrictions on Use) of this Agreement. 1.34. “Products” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.5 (Export Compliance Assurance) of this Agreement. 1.35. “QTI Customer” means any customer of QTI or its Affiliates that makes, or has made on its behalf, a product that incorporates a QTI Product. 1.36.

or has made on its behalf, a product that incorporates a QTI Product. 1.36. “QTI Deliverables” means any hardware, software and/or associated documentation, along with any Modifications made by QTI or its Affiliates, delivered by QTI or its Affiliates to LICENSOR (if any) under this Agreement.

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 4 1.37. “QTI Product” means any product of QTI or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any integrated semiconductor circuit product, associated software and/or development kit that incorporates all or a portion of the Technology Package(s). 1.38.

kit that incorporates all or a portion of the Technology Package(s). 1.38. “Residual Information” means information that is retained in the unaided memory of one (1) or more of the employees of QTI or its Affiliates, who have had access to the Technology Package(s) or any other INFORMATION of LICENSOR or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained therein (if any), pursuant to this Agreement. An employee’s memory is ‘unaided’ if the employee has not intentionally memorized the information for the purpose of retaining and later using it.

memorized the information for the purpose of retaining and later using it. 1.39. “Rules” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.5 (Export Compliance Assurance) of this Agreement. 1.40. “Sold” has the meaning given to it in Appendix B (Associated Fees) of this Agreement. 1.41. “Source Code” means software in human-readable, high-level language form, which when compiled or assembled becomes Object Code. 1.42.

language form, which when compiled or assembled becomes Object Code. 1.42. “Specifications” means the set of requirements that the Technology Package(s) must meet under the Acceptance Criteria or to be in compliance with the warranty, including, but not limited to, the specification, as set forth in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)). 1.43. “Spin Out Transaction” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement. 1.44.

the meaning given to it in Section 13.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement. 1.44. “Taxes” or “Tax” means all forms of taxation including, but not limited to, withholdings, income tax, capital gains tax, duties, imposts, contributions (including social security contributions), rates and levies, sales tax, services tax, business tax, goods and services tax and any other form of value-added tax imposed by any governmental authority, whenever imposed and whether chargeable directly, indirectly or primarily against or attributable directly, indirectly or primarily to such company or any other person and all penalties, charges, fines, costs and interest relating thereto.

person and all penalties, charges, fines, costs and interest relating thereto. 1.45. “Technology Package(s)” means the core or other LICENSOR technology (and all underlying Intellectual Property Rights), or other LICENSOR product, element, including all components thereof, and the Licensed Software, Design Data, Test Software and all other LICENSOR material, documentation, software and firmware described in an Appendix A (Technology Package(s)), and any and all Updates, Upgrades and Modifications of same provided by LICENSOR in accordance with the terms of this Agreement regardless of the form or media in or on which they may exist.

this Agreement regardless of the form or media in or on which they may exist. Additional Technology Packages may be licensed from time to time by executing additional or supplemental Appendix A. Each additional Appendix A shall be issued in accordance with this Agreement and shall incorporate this Agreement by reference. Additional Appendix As shall be identified as Appendix A-1, Appendix A-2, Appendix A-3, etc. 1.46.

As shall be identified as Appendix A-1, Appendix A-2, Appendix A-3, etc. 1.46. “Test Software” means LICENSOR’s test software and any associated design files and documentation, described in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)), and includes any and all Updates, copies, and Modifications provided by LICENSOR regardless of the form or media in or on which they may exist. 1.47. “UNCITRAL” has the meaning given to it in Section 13.9.2 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement. 1.48. “Units” has the meaning given to it in Appendix B (Associated Fees) of this Agreement. 1.49.

meaning given to it in Appendix B (Associated Fees) of this Agreement. 1.49. “Updates” means any Modification or error correction to a Technology Package developed

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 5 by or on behalf of LICENSOR, but excludes Upgrades. Updates shall include revised documentation to enable Use of such changes to the Technology Package. 1.50. “Upgrades” means an enhancement of the Technology Package(s) that delivers substantial performance improvements, major architectural changes, additional radio/connectivity capability, and/or significant new features and/or functionality to the Technology Package(s).

significant new features and/or functionality to the Technology Package(s). Upgrades shall include revised documentation to enable Use of such changes to the Technology Package(s). 1.51. “Use” means one or more of the following, as appropriate: reproduce, configure, evaluate, test, design, verify, monitor, analyze, compile, incorporate, embed, integrate, modify, implement, or distribute. For avoidance of doubt, “Use” shall include the right to port to a similar process technology for use by an alternate manufacturer as provided for in Section 2.9 (Foundry). 1.52.

by an alternate manufacturer as provided for in Section 2.9 (Foundry). 1.52. “Wind Down Period” has the meaning given to it in Section 11.3.4 (Exclusions to LICENSOR Indemnity) of this Agreement. 2. LICENSE FOR TECHNOLOGY PACKAGES AND LICENSOR TRADEMARKS 2.1. License Grant for Technology Package(s).

PACKAGES AND LICENSOR TRADEMARKS 2.1. License Grant for Technology Package(s). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, LICENSOR, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants to QTI the following perpetual, worldwide, sublicensable (as expressly permitted herein), non-transferable (except as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 13.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement), non-exclusive right and license under LICENSOR’s and its Affiliates’ Intellectual Property Rights or any other rights owned and granted to LICENSOR by right, title or contract to and only to: 2.1.1.

and granted to LICENSOR by right, title or contract to and only to: 2.1.1. Use the Technology Package(s) in performance of the design, development, testing, manufacturing and packaging of QTI Products; 2.1.2. manufacture, or have manufactured on QTI’s behalf (and to grant sublicenses for the purpose of such manufacturing), QTI Products; 2.1.3. demonstrate, market, import, export, sell, offer for sale and otherwise distribute, and sublicense the distribution of, directly or through multiple tiers of distribution, QTI Products; 2.1.4.

of, directly or through multiple tiers of distribution, QTI Products; 2.1.4. distribute the Technology Packages, in whole or in part, on a standalone basis and to grant sublicenses to QTI Customers solely for the purpose of such QTI Customers being able to evaluate, test, modify, support and maintain QTI Products; 2.1.5.

being able to evaluate, test, modify, support and maintain QTI Products; 2.1.5. incorporate or paraphrase in whole or in part the Technology Package(s) documentation in materials and distribute such materials as part of, or for Use with, QTI Products unless the documentation is specified on the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)) and clearly marked as “For QTI Internal Use Only”; and 2.1.6. Use the Technology Package(s) to perform support and maintenance of QTI Products as permitted hereunder. 2.2. Reserved. 2.3. Residuals.

of QTI Products as permitted hereunder. 2.2. Reserved. 2.3. Residuals. LICENSOR acknowledges that QTI and its Affiliates’ receipt of Residual Information may increase or enhance the knowledge and experience of the employees of QTI and its Affiliates, who are exposed to such Residual Information. In light of the foregoing and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or any other agreement between the Parties or

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 6 their Affiliates, LICENSOR, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, grants to QTI, without charge or any restrictions, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, and irrevocable license under LICENSOR’s and its Affiliates’ owned or controlled Intellectual Property Rights, to make, have made, use, modify, distribute and otherwise commercialize Residual Information as part of any specifications, documentation, technology, products and service offerings of QTI or its Affiliates.

technology, products and service offerings of QTI or its Affiliates. The foregoing license shall be in addition to any other licenses granted elsewhere by LICENSOR under this Agreement. 2.4. Use of LICENSOR Marks.

granted elsewhere by LICENSOR under this Agreement. 2.4. Use of LICENSOR Marks. Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, LICENSOR grants QTI a non-transferable (except as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 13.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement), non-sublicensable, royalty-free, and non-exclusive right to use LICENSOR trademarks, service marks, trade names, icons or logos relating to LICENSOR and/or the Technology Package(s) as LICENSOR shall make available to QTI from time to time (“LICENSOR Marks”) for the sole purpose of promoting and/or identifying QTI Product(s).

Marks”) for the sole purpose of promoting and/or identifying QTI Product(s). QTI shall not alter, modify or change any LICENSOR Mark without the prior written authorization of LICENSOR; provided, however, the foregoing restriction shall not apply in the event that QTI elects to replace any LICENSOR Marks on the Technology Package(s) and rebrand such Technology Package(s) with a trademark, service mark, trade name, icon or logo of QTI or a QTI Affiliates.

a trademark, service mark, trade name, icon or logo of QTI or a QTI Affiliates. QTI shall have no right to use any trademarks or trade names of LICENSOR or names which otherwise relate to the Technology Package(s) except as provided herein. QTI acknowledges that LICENSOR is the owner of the LICENSOR Marks and all goodwill associated with the LICENSOR Marks and that QTI’s use of the LICENSOR Marks will not create any right, title or interest in such LICENSOR Marks in QTI. QTI agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with such ownership, either during the term of this Agreement or afterwards.

with such ownership, either during the term of this Agreement or afterwards. 2.5. Reserved. 2.6. Marketing; Notices and Samples. Subject to the requirements in Section 2.4 (Use of LICENSOR Marks) of this Agreement, QTI may place LICENSOR Marks on marketing, descriptive and instructional materials relating to QTI Products or that otherwise describe the functionality of QTI Products. 2.7. Affiliates and Subcontractors. 2.7.1. QTI may exercise any of its rights and licenses under this Agreement through its Affiliates.

any of its rights and licenses under this Agreement through its Affiliates. A breach of this Agreement by a QTI Affiliate will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by QTI. QTI is liable for any acts or omissions of a QTI Affiliate which, if performed or not performed by QTI, would be a breach of this Agreement. 2.7.2.

performed or not performed by QTI, would be a breach of this Agreement. 2.7.2. QTI may also exercise the rights granted pursuant to Section 2.1 (License Grant for Technology Packages), 2.3 (Residuals) and Section 2.4 (Use of LICENSOR Marks) through its subcontractors, provided that each such subcontractor is under a duty of confidentiality pursuant to a written agreement with QTI that is similar to QTI’s confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. A breach of the confidentiality or license terms of this Agreement by a subcontractor will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by QTI.

Agreement by a subcontractor will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by QTI. QTI is liable for any breach by any subcontractor of the confidentiality or license terms of this Agreement which, if committed by QTI, would be a breach of this Agreement. 2.8. Open Source Review. In order for QTI to review whether the Technology Packages delivered to QTI hereunder comply with Section 8.2.8 (Third Party Software Warranty) of this Agreement, LICENSOR will, at no additional charge, submit Source Code for all versions of the Technology

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 7 Packages to SAST (Software Analysis Scan Team) and/or the legal department, including OSLG (Open Systems Legal Group), of QTI and its Affiliates, so that SAST and/or OSLG may perform a scan of such Source Code to assess compliance with Section 8.2.8 (Third Party Software Warranty) of this Agreement (“Open Source Review”).

8.2.8 (Third Party Software Warranty) of this Agreement (“Open Source Review”). In the event that the Open Source Review determines that said Technology Package(s) do not comply with Section 8.2.8 (Third Party Software Warranty) of this Agreement, QTI shall notify LICENSOR of said noncompliance in which case LICENSOR shall have fifteen (15) calendar days or such other time as mutually agreed upon by the Parties in writing from said written notice of such noncompliance to revise said Technology Package(s) so that it is in compliance with Section 8.2.8 (Third Party Software Warranty) of this Agreement.

with Section 8.2.8 (Third Party Software Warranty) of this Agreement. If LICENSOR fails to cure such noncompliance within the aforementioned time period, QTI shall have the right (thereafter and until such time that LICENSOR rectifies said non-compliance), but not the obligation, to immediately terminate this Agreement. In the case of termination, LICENSOR shall immediately refund to QTI all amounts paid hereunder by QTI. 2.9. Reserved. 2.10. No Reverse Engineering.

all amounts paid hereunder by QTI. 2.9. Reserved. 2.10. No Reverse Engineering. QTI shall not, nor facilitate in any manner any third party to, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decompile or disassemble (except to the extent that this restriction is expressly prohibited by law) any Technology Package that is not provided in Source Code form to QTI hereunder, or attempt to derive the Source Code or other substantially equivalent or similar information from the Technology Package, in whole or in part, or permit or induce the foregoing. 2.11. Evaluation License.

whole or in part, or permit or induce the foregoing. 2.11. Evaluation License. LICENSOR grants to QTI a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, limited license to Use the Technology Package solely for internal evaluation, testing, validation, and demonstration purposes (“Evaluation License”). 2.11.1. Duration: Up to 90 days from delivery (extendable by mutual written agreement) 2.11.2. Scope: Internal use only; no commercial deployment or distribution 2.11.3. Conversion:

Internal use only; no commercial deployment or distribution 2.11.3. Conversion: Any commercial deployment or customer distribution shall require transition to the paid license model under this Agreement 3. DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE 3.1. Delivery. LICENSOR shall deliver to QTI the Technology Package(s) in accordance with the schedule as set forth in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)). Unless as otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing, the Technology Package(s) will be delivered by means of secured electronic transfer. 3.2. Acceptance and Rejection.

by means of secured electronic transfer. 3.2. Acceptance and Rejection. QTI shall accept or reject the Technology Package(s) within thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt from LICENSOR, or as otherwise specified in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)). Such acceptance or rejection shall be based on whether the Technology Package(s) meets the Acceptance Criteria set forth in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)). All Defect(s) shall be conveyed to LICENSOR in writing. 3.3. Process for Rejection.

Defect(s) shall be conveyed to LICENSOR in writing. 3.3. Process for Rejection. In the event of rejection of the Technology Package(s), LICENSOR shall remedy each Defect in the Technology Package(s) within the times period specified in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)) (the “Correction Period”).

in the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)) (the “Correction Period”). In the event that the modified and resubmitted Technology Package(s) still does not meet the Acceptance Criteria after receiving and testing the modified Technology Package(s) due to the same Defect, then QTI may, in its sole discretion, within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of such modified Technology Package(s) elect one of the following options, which election shall be effective upon written notification to LICENSOR: (i) allow an extended time period for

QTI Confidential and Proprietary Technology License Agreement (Execution Copy) Page | 8 LICENSOR to remedy the deficiencies, after which the corrected Technology Package(s) shall be subject to the acceptance process specified in this Section; or (ii) terminate the applicable Appendix A (Technology Package(s)), and return the Technology Package(s) to LICENSOR for a full refund of all payments, if any, made by QTI to LICENSOR relating to the rejected Technology Package(s). 4. UPDATES AND SUPPORT 4.1. Updates and Upgrades.

Technology Package(s). 4. UPDATES AND SUPPORT 4.1. Updates and Upgrades. LICENSOR shall deliver, at no additional charge other than the Associated Fees, Updates and Upgrades to QTI as soon as reasonably practicable during the term of this Agreement, but in all events at least as soon as LICENSOR makes any such Update
